hello my friends welcome back to my
channel so what as you can see I have a
guest on the channel and if you do not
know Stephanie Nicole this is Stephanie
to go we're gonna be filming up my
monthly favorites together if you're
curious about what our favorites and
fails were for this month then stay
tuned so this is going to be the first
in a series of videos on my channel I'm
planning on doing four more of these in
2018 this is the first where I'm going
to be traveling all around the United
States collaborating with people that I
admire and Stephanie was the one that I
chose to come visit first and she was
kind enough to invite me into her home
to film with her so I'm super excited
and hopefully you're excited to see her
on the channel so without further ado
let's go ahead and get into the worst
products the Stephanie and I tried this
month the absolute worst product that I
tried this month was the covergirl total
tease mascara this is it's one of those
that does nothing for me it does
absolutely nothing and the wand is scary
it's very scary it's got these like
weird pokey things that like will impale
your eye and we're not careful who
thought of this I don't know like what
even is that I think that the concept
was is you're supposed to get like your
inner lashes and your outer lashes and
maybe you can do your lower lashes with
it but it just doesn't end up work I
think that's so weird is since the
bristles are so short right there you
think that this would touch your face
they could be trying to get that close I
know my having like that problem but I
can see what you're saying and I would
imagine maybe somebody that isn't used
to applying mascara will have that
problem and that's the last thing you
want is you're done doing your makeup
you're putting on your mascara and then
all of a sudden you've got big black
line across your face that would be
terrible and the performance of the
actual formula it's very liquidy and I
don't get a good length or volume I get
very minimal of both it's not the worst
mascara I've ever tried as far as
formula but it doesn't give me enough of
that goodness that I need in a mascara
so this is unfortunately a big note for
me okay mine is I feel bad because I put
these all all the time all of these
palettes this is a Charlotte Tilbury
this is the new one the instant look and
a palette smokey eye palette
these are super overpriced I
I think this is good and I need to say
this I know people are gonna be angry
but I feel like her line is more aimed
towards like more mature shoppers that
maybe want to spend 75 80 dollars on a
pallet like this and I mean you get so
they give you a high like an eye
highlight color a bronzer a cheek color
like two blushes and then this is what
you're supposed to do your eye look with
so basically we're looking at a very
light neutral look with black yeah crazy
exactly I should smoke out the exactly
so if you put black all over your lid
and then that in your crease and that is
a highlight that would look terrible I
imagine because black is a hard color
well I didn't see maybe using some of
the cheek color yes to kind of balance
it out or the wrong color
yeah just for the cause and I always
find like one size never fits all so
when you put these things in this
highlight sweet and yellow for me and I
just feel like for the price it's not
very good this one is one that I I feel
like would be good for the right person
but for me it's a no because it's too
high-maintenance this is the everlasting
a glimmer veil by Kat Von D and I got
the shade the only one that looked like
something that I would wear this is the
shade of thunderstruck it is the nudish
kind of shade and yeah I'll put a big
swatch on Stephanie and it's peach and
the thing is is it looks kind of nice
when you first apply it but after a few
hours it does start to fade away
especially if you're talking a lot in
your lips are kind of mushing together
if you wanted to just kind of do like a
lower lip accent it's definitely going
to transfer up to your upper lip and as
the lipstick that you're wearing if
you're wearing this over top as a topper
which is I think what it's meant for
eventually that starts to wear away and
all you're left with is glitter
yeah well you sure I was filming on the
day that the Blue Angels oh so it
literally sounded like we were being
bond I'm scared weak oh my gosh so so as
it wears away as your lip product wears
away all you're left with is glitter and
the glitter is very difficult to remove
if you wanted to remove it like I feel
like I have to scrape it with my
fingernails in order to remove it so you
have to reapply it if you're still out
so definitely if you do decide to buy
one of these make sure you bring it with
you wherever you go since you can
reapply it reapply it so you don't have
this random glitter speckle going on
just looks really odd so I think for the
right person for Instagram love things
like that it may be okay but for me it's
a big no I feel bad because this is the
second Charlotte Tilbury item and these
were sent to me to say you know sorry
these are her liquid lipsticks they're
super I like like dose of colors moosie
but like to see how thick that is it's
very thick it's very thick and moosie
and I find when they dry they get a lot
darker than what they originally look
like which I mean isn't necessarily
uncommon but it it shifts a lot like
just watch so yeah
it'll it'll get a lot darker and I just
I don't know I don't like them they're
really hard to get on without having
that kind of like wave of product push
up on your lip you know what's done
about in mine so then you try not like
paint it down and again just for the
cost you know I love my liquid lipsticks
but these next I was a product that I
did do a full review on I will link my
review of this line down in the
description below this is the sweetie
pie bronzer by Too Faced it does have an
overspray on it that comes off very
quickly so just be aware when if you do
decide to buy this that the pretty
overspray that's in the picture is no
longer there after a couple of uses it's
it's gone this is I think of both
Stephanie tried it on her and it did you
know how fair she is and it's not
showing up at all on her own and it's
like pink Lin maybe if you use it as
blush but you have to in order to enjoy
this you have to really like a very
light very natural-looking look and you
have to be very fair it's it just
doesn't show up and and that's kind of
my big thing with it and especially for
the price point I mean I think you're
you're paying for the packaging you're
paying for the moobus $30 yeah
it's alright I know right
fales for me I think I'm pretty much
everything that I've tried yeah this
line definitely had some hits
yeah for me at least I really liked some
of the things but this was one of those
ones where I could kind of do with to do
without and it is adorable I love the
packaging I love that it's a click
closure so you have to worry about a
magnetic closure opening up getting an
opening but overall it's just kind of
like kind of okay for me super high
because their packaging is always super
cute but I think after the
nikkietutorials fella that's pretty much
done with them I was like no it was a
chocolate chip the mini white choco yeah
so that was on your life you too young
yeah it just didn't have any color
payout really and it was so tiny I mean
I knew it was gonna be tiny but yeah I
feel like all the colors look the same
yeah they did but yeah okay okay no no
no just too bad cuz they're packaging
again it's great they need to put more
money in the product development instead
of packaging right right but the
packaging is what sells and that's gonna
keep it on your vanity okay okay now I'm
getting into my favorites I've been
obsessed with you guys or on my channel
if you watch I've been asking me how I'm
doing my brows and I'm cheating because
I use stencils these are the abhi use
the full arch one um Taylor actually did
a video on these so I will on your video
yes Taylor from that day was saying I'll
link it below yeah I like Animoto Taylor
um basically I just like line it up with
you know the corner of your nose you go
up I just will take a little powder and
kind of just put a little mark in that
the tail of the brow and then I just
kind of hold it on there so you kind of
have to like do a little split with your
finger like this then I take the pencil
and then fill it and like the outside
and then I'll just go in and feather
them in but I really like the full arch
size these are like eyebrows for dummies
which I need so I really enjoyed
nice yeah alright moving up into things
that I really liked this month so we
have the Laura Lee cat's pajamas
palettes and I get it I get it I know I
know people are gonna be like let
Stephanie touch it because you guys know
she's gonna they're soft yeah yeah yeah
she's never touched it no sounds so yeah
that's common with that color though the
black isn't yeah I scratched I its my
nails they betray me that's nice yeah I
mean it's a good palette it's a good
sellout I love the quality of the
shadows I do I do think that the the I
can see why people aren't enjoying the
way that the packaging looks I think
that's just a personal preference thing
the way that the way that looks I hear
about the obstructed mirror all of that
you know that Italy you know so much
mirror space but when the reason why I
like this is because I do really like
the quality of the shadows I think the
quality of the shadows is on point
I do wish she had extended the shade
range just a little bit within the
palette but I get where she was going
with it so that it is versus home for a
lot of people to use you know it's it's
it's what not never so don't that's not
what I'm trying to layer it's wearable
yeah it's one of those where a lot of
people have a lot of different skin
tones can use it which I really really
like a lot and again the quality is very
good the lasting power is very good the
blend ability the ease of use thus one
scatterbrain reminds me a lot of the
color drain queen-of-hearts formula that
it's it's got a little bit of a chunk to
it and it's it's but it's very pretty
it's very pretty on the eyes and I do I
am really enjoying this palette like
legit enjoying it so that's why it's so
high up on the countdown this month this
is something that I would buy just for
this color I do love you guys if you
watch my channel you know I love a BH
starburst that is like my all-time
favorite highlight shade and I think
this might have beat it now these don't
have glitter and I was a moment this is
oh sorry the hourglass ambient this is
their stroll palette that came out for
the holidays I do believe this is limb
addition once it comes out individually
I totally buy the shade I'm not
necessarily a huge fan because all three
of these colors I don't think anybody
would be able to use all these like
who's gonna want a shimmery bronzer and
wear like a light pink like a mine is if
people could double it his eye shadow
yeah yeah you could have like
never-ending yeah I shouted at him that
you pass it on to your grandkids yeah
yeah and for the cost of the first
strobe lights they had were really
glittery
um do you trying me no I didn't their
first ones I went into store to swatch
and they were like chunks of glitter and
they're a mess like no I don't like
those and I do love their ambient
lighting powders and I really like their
blushes but um yeah I would totally buy
this and my favorite product of the
month was one that caught me completely
by surprise this is the pur Lisse BB
cream and I don't even know pur Lisse
had makeup this was given to me at
generation beauty by pur Lisse and it
was kind of one of those random things
where I said you know hey I wonder you
know I wish that you guys would do
makeup and she was like okay here you go
this is the shade light and I really
like a light to medium coverage on my
face and that's exactly what this gives
and the finish is beautiful it's a nice
soft satiny kind of finish and it lasts
really really well and I just love the
the light coverage of it so that it
doesn't look fake or cakey or anything
it's just a beautiful finish and I
really enjoy it a lot and you know I'm
excited to see what else pur Lisse comes
up with for makeup because I have it
skincare oh I do mostly skin care and
I've some of their skin care is been
good and some of its just kind of like
okay they have a lot of face masks then
to their face mask that's like a Blue
Lotus face mask is really really popular
but you know it's just kind of been okay
for me as far as the skincare but this
this mm-hmm
I don't know honestly I've only I'm
trying to endure have seen yeah I'm not
sure I honestly the only places I've
ever tried their stuff is from like
boxycharm they put some stuff in bouncy
charming subscription boxes and things
I've tried stuff from them and then from
going different events that I've seen
them there and they've given away stuff
so I've never purchased anything oh yeah
here and then with the thing you know
it's different brand but but yeah really
looking forward to seeing more from this
brand
and then my favorite of the month this
is the limited edition then you busy our
Grand Pro vol 1 palette I've been
getting a lot of love so I have my grimy
fingerprints all over it I do have a
whole video on this with the creators
that explain it but I just love ya now
that I gouge on alright stick your
fingers right in that so this this row
right here these are they're kind of
like enhancers these are pigments and
these work best with a brush on the eye
look because they don't put silicones in
their products okay so they don't have
that slip to them that some like really
heavy with dimethicone or something
maybe I'll really tell it yes like that
yeah so but that can also make it like
kind of melt off your skin or something
and the menu on your skins yeah like if
they're people that live yeah I bet you
that also that it'll look like Slimer it
off that's what given ability but busy
art does not put that in there so they
do sometimes feel a little dry so if you
have like extremely like crepey and dry
eyelids you might not like their
formulas but they do make my all-time
favorite mattes
this middle row right here is a little
gritty feeling these shades down here um
and that's just because they're almost
like a pure pigment so I'm you can mix
these in with other ones and they do go
on the eye beautifully but when you
swatch them with your finger you'll feel
a little bit of that grit because it's
so much pigment in them but at first
when I was originally looking at the
stock one I was thinking that seems like
a lot of light colors like bright eyes
and it is but the way that they designed
it is each row has a C undertone so like
if you want to do like a plum you look
you would have like your brow bone
highlight yeah you'd have your crease or
like transition and then all the way
down and if you want again you can mix
and shades to like kick it up yeah I
watched era babies okay own this and she
made like a break almost like a break
read mixing the orange in the husha
together just going back and forth but
again the same its undertones and I
think this would probably be best for
either collectors or professional makeup
artists because a lot of people probably
not gonna need all these but I don't
think we do need any makeup but I just
want it all yeah I do I love the palette
I've been reaching for this I have a
mixture of this on my
today as well as the Queen of Hearts
palette and I love these shadows they
feel I mean they are kind of like they
don't have that really heavy feeling
that you get with them but they just
blend on the eye beautifully because the
lasting power on it amazing yeah they
never fade on me they never like
transfer up into my crease just their
eyes yeah and I just love them it's
really easy just to do like I've been
doing these two rows the most you can
see I've been digging into them
the top two because I can just dip in I
have an all-over lid color a crease like
in my dark and off the outside I just
and one thing I like about that is you
can use that as a supplemental palette
with another knowledge so when you get a
palette that may not like something like
this it may not have all the colors that
you want you can go oh and then just
grab that for whatever the one shade is
that you're looking for and pair it with
other problems I had I had it on in my
fenty review because I think now let's
see palette or anything else really
shimmers I mean I need a base for it and
I feel like pretty much in this it's not
like them to come out with like really
bright shades like they have the
editorial brights but this one has those
like that that whole row that's like
super bright and pitted so like this one
if you do a full swatch of it with a
really heavy brush it'll almost look
like right on really really dark red oh
go on with your brush it looks pink yeah
yeah when I do it with the full like a
sable brush you guys like red okay I
have to show you see how that looked
right there and that's I did not tweet
that photo at all have you brush you
know yes so much darker than that yeah
it does it looks more red that's why
they launched the palette with me only
because I've gotcha bro distributor
gotcha
that makes sense very cool yeah Esther
that one's a huge win then yes well I'm
yet to meet besides like I'm not a huge
fan of their shimmers because I don't
like their new palette Lee
mmm this one really kicked it up this is
their golden hour Oh coach they did like
a whole little live on but like filo
shimmer so shimmers are nice yeah I see
I like the wet formula yeah I like that
I like that word shimmers
yeah I like yeah but like now you see
those ones compared to cat hair tickling
my nose all day
shining crazy verse first to be as
original shimmers that they did you can
feel a difference in the texture those
are softer it's not a letter mm-hmm and
they're not as intense they're not these
are meant more for again professional
makeup artists I like that like light
wash of color and going for more natural
wear I like drag queen shimmer so it's
like I want to like the drag queen or -
I like the poppy bold bright yeah so
these news house they've come out with
have had like more metallic shimmers
that I yeah so this is limited edition
and again I think if you're a pro makeup
artist if you're working on multiple
skin tones or you know like you're cool
with the rose like that because this is
an investment it's $175 but if you look
at you're actually getting a deal
because compared to their $80 12 pan
palettes you get like a few shades for
free
nicely works out well yeah yeah so this
is available on these Beauty only right
now so that is it for the favorites and
fails countdown this month I hope you
enjoyed it if you have a not seen
Stephanie's channel I will be linking it
down below make sure you go head over
and subscribe if you love my channel I
know you will love her channel she is
one of the inspirations for the format
of my channel so energy though are you
going some of your energy so you got
like a like your neck okay I'll try to
leave some here for you back to
Baltimore thanks again so much for
watching if you enjoyed this video
definitely make sure you hit that
subscribe button I put out 9 videos per
week 5 makeup minutes which is makeup
news and then our
like weekly makeup new show on Sundays
and then three review tip trick kind of
videos also as well every week so if
that sounds good to you make sure you
subscribe and I'd love to you and we
will see you I will see you in a video
soon on my channel and stuff we'll see
you want her channel though alright bye